Add CLI procedure for syncing content view (#3235)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-a-content-view-to-a-smartproxy.adoc

[id="Synchronizing_a_Content_View_to_a_{smart-proxy-context}_{context}"]
= Synchronizing a content view to a {SmartProxy}

In the {ProjectWebUI}, you can only synchronize all selected lifecycle environments simultaneously.
If you need to synchronize smaller items, such as individual lifecycle environments, single content views, and single repositories, use the Hammer CLI.

.CLI procedure

> * Synchronize the content view to your {SmartProxy} by using Hammer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Synchronize a content view to your {SmartProxy} by using Hammer:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --content-view "my content view name"
----

.Additional resources

> * For more information about the command, run `{hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --help`.

Reviewer 2: Personally, I would put this info in the introduction, after line 5.

Reviewer 3: Can you explain why? Because we have been including --help references in additional resources and so does the RHEL team (for man pages).

Reviewer 2: It's purely a personal preference. Here are my reasons:

- "Additional resources" can be used too often. Example: assembly with "Additional resources", with 5-10 xrefs, after **every single module**.
- "Additional resources" can turn into a junk drawer for useless info. Example: "See the next procedure", with a link to the next module.
- Users tend not to read the entire file, so they are likely to miss anything at the bottom of the page.
- Sections with only one item look 'noisy' to me. "Prerequisites" and "Procedure" are OK because they are standard.

Reviewer 2: I'm not saying this should be changed. I'm just saying that I personally don't like it. However, if Foreman docs and RHEL are doing this consistently, then it should be kept.

Reviewer 3: > I'm not saying this should be changed. I'm just saying that I personally don't like it. However, if Foreman docs and RHEL are doing this consistently, then it should be kept.

Ok, I'd say we should stick to Additional resources, then. That would be in compliance with RH SSG too (the guide explicitly talks about [including man page references in additional resources](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#man-pages)).

>     Users tend not to read the entire file, so they are likely to miss anything at the bottom of the page.

I'd argue that this is arbitrary and varies from user to user. Some users might actually "wake up" towards the end and start focusing again. But please, if you know about any data from CCS doc usability sessions that you could share to support this, that would be great.

But actually, even if this is the case, it's quite alright. The main part of the procedure should cover whatever users actually need to do. The idea behind including man pages/--help pages in additional resources is that it's an optional resource that users can access in case they want to see "additional" explanations or options. Hence, "additional" resources

[id="Synchronizing_a_Content_View_to_a_{smart-proxy-context}_{context}"]
= Synchronizing a content view to a {SmartProxy}

> You can only synchronize all selected lifecycle environments simultaneously through the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {ProjectWebUI}, you can only synchronize all selected lifecycle environments simultaneously.
```

> However, in the Hammer CLI, users can synchronize smaller items such as individual lifecycle environments, single content views, and single repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to synchronize smaller items, such as individual lifecycle environments, single content views, and single repositories, use the Hammer CLI.
```

> This is useful when updating a small, specific set of content on the {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is fluff.

For example:
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --id 1 \
--organization "Default Organization" --content-view-id 42
# {hammer-smart-proxy} synchronize --name \

> "My Capsule" --organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment "Production"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
"My {SmartProxy}" --organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment "Production"
```

> ----

Reviewer: Do we need this example here? The CLI procedure is the example. You can have multiple bullet points with various commands if you want to give multiple examples.

Author: I was wondering if this was needed as well. I will remove it.

.CLI procedure
* Synchronize the content view to your {SmartProxy} by using Hammer:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --content-view "my content view name"
----

.Additional resources

> * For more information about the command, run `hammer capsule content synchronize --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about the command, run `{hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --help`.
```

> [id="Synchronizing_a_Content_View_to_a_{smart-proxy-context}{context}"]

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[id="Synchronizing_a_Content_View_to_a_{smart-proxy-context}_{context}"]
```

= Synchronizing a content view to a {SmartProxy}

You can use the Hammer CLI to synchronize a content view to a {SmartProxy}.
You need to specify the content view or content view ID along with the lifecycle environment or lifecycle environment ID.

> You will need to include the organization or organization ID as seen in the following examples:

Reviewer: I would drop these altogether.

[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # hammer capsule content synchronize --id 1 \

Reviewer 4: Please either drop duplicate commands or split them into individual code blocks so that there's only one command per code block.

--organization "Default Organization" --content-view-id 42
# hammer capsule content synchronize --id 1 \
--organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment-id 999
# hammer capsule content synchronize --name \
"My Capsule" --organization "Default Organization" --content-view "My CV"
# hammer capsule content synchronize --name \
"My Capsule" --organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment "Production"
----

.CLI procedure

> * Synchronize the content view to a {SmartProxy} by using Hammer:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Synchronize the content view to your {SmartProxy} by using Hammer:
```

"a {SmartProxy}" would resolve to "a orcharhino Proxy"

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # hammer capsule content synchronize --content-view "my content view name"
> # hammer capsule content synchronize --content-view-id 42

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --content-view "my content view name"
```

* I'd drop the second, almost identical example. I don't think we always mention the different between labels, IDs, and names.
* You can run `hammer` as normal user -> Use "$" prefix
* There's an attribute for "hammer capsule": https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L80 & https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L79

[id="Synchronizing_a_Content_View_to_a_{smart-proxy-context}{context}"]
= Synchronizing a content view to a {SmartProxy}

> You can use the Hammer CLI to synchronize a content view to a {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Hammer CLI to synchronize a content view to a {SmartProxy}.
```

Doesn't this happen automatically? Why do users have to do that? And under what circumstances?

Reviewer 5: Users can only sync all selected lifecycle environments at the same time via the UI. So, in hammer, we let them sync smaller things: single lifecycle environments, single content views, and single repositories.
You'd want to do it if you only want to update a small specific set of content on the smart proxy.

Reviewer: @bangelic The information from Ian looks useful for the user. Please, incorporate it into the introductory paragraph. Let's explain why using Hammer for the syncing is more beneficial than using the web UI, ie. it provides more fine-grained control over the sync.

You need to specify the content view or content view ID along with the lifecycle environment or lifecycle environment ID.

> You will need to include the organization or organization ID as well.

Reviewer: These notions should be reflected in an example command. See below.

 --skip-metadata-check BOOLEAN             Skip metadata check on each repository on the capsule
 -h, --help                                Print helpOption details:
  Here you can find option types and the value an option can accept:  BOOLEAN             One of true/false, yes/no, 1/0
  DATETIME            Date and time in YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS or ISO 8601 format
  ENUM                Possible values are described in the option's description
  FILE                Path to a file
  KEY_VALUE_LIST      Comma-separated list of key=value.
                      JSON is acceptable and preferred way for such parameters
  LIST                Comma separated list of values. Values containing comma should be quoted or escaped with backslash.
                      JSON is acceptable and preferred way for such parameters
  MULTIENUM           Any combination of possible values described in the option's description
  NUMBER              Numeric value. Integer
  SCHEMA              Comma separated list of values defined by a schema.
                      JSON is acceptable and preferred way for such parameters
  VALUE               Value described in the option's description. Mostly simple string

> ----

Reviewer: This is not an approapriate way to give instructions. Please, provide a concrete example command that synchronizes a CV and tell users to run `hammer {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize --help` under the _Additional resources_ heading below the procedure. Remove the output.

Reviewer 5: Examples:

```
hammer capsule content synchronize --content-view "my content view name"
```

```
hammer capsule content synchronize --content-view-id 42
```

Reviewer 5: I left out some mandatory fields: id and name for the smart proxy. Some better examples:

```
hammer capsule content synchronize --id 1 --organization "Default Organization" --content-view-id 42 
hammer capsule content synchronize --id 1 --organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment-id 999
hammer capsule content synchronize --name "My Capsule" --organization "Default Organization" --content-view "My CV"
hammer capsule content synchronize --name "My Capsule" --organization-id 1 --lifecycle-environment "Production"
```
